update tutorial readme (#609)
Qiskit-Extensions/circuit-knitting-toolbox: docs/circuit_cutting/tutorials/README.rst

  Cut gates requiring many SWAPs to decrease circuit depth.
- `Tutorial 3 <03_wire_cutting_via_move_instruction.ipynb>`__:
  Specify wire cuts as a two-qubit :class:`.Move` operation.
- `Tutorial 4 <04_automatic_cut_finding.ipynb>`__:

>   Find optimized gate and wire cut locations for reducing circuit width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Find, in an automated manner, optimal gate and wire cut locations for reducing circuit width.
```
